Plot 332. This is it.
Hey. what's going on here?
Lose the shovel.
Keep your hands
where I can see them.
What are you doing here?
You're going to be so pretty.
I had the photo enhanced.
It's a rough extrapolation
of features
since the face
was almost entirely blown out.
I ran it through
every FBI database
from facial recognition.
mug shots. surveillance feeds...
Or I could just buy this boat.
and we could disappear.
Do you know how many images
are in the NGI database?
51 million.
If we go away.
none of that matters.
51 million.
and not a single one of her.
Reddington knows who she is.
I know who she is.
That girl...
That's me.
And the woman...
I believe that may be my mother.
That mean
Reddington's your dad?
No.
My father died when I was 4.
in a fire.
Reddington was there.
I think she may have been. too.
Why don't you just ask him?
If Reddington wanted me
to know the truth.
he would have told me by now.
He wants to keep me
from knowing.
and he will bully anyone
who might help me into silence.
Well. that's his tell...
The silence.
Berlin had me keep tabs on him.
or try to.
The mere mention of his name
was like I'd asked for
their first born.
He thinks
the fear protects him.
but the fear he instills...
Silence can't hide it.
You can see it in their eyes.
Whenever I did.
I knew Reddington had been there.
- What?
- That stamp.
The... ring...
I've seen it before.
- Where?
- Berlin.
He wore a ring
with that exact hallmark.
It's a Russian
inspection stamp.
You know people
who worked with Berlin.
You could reach out.
My apologies. Leonard.
I intended to be earlier.
You had a bullet removed
from your chest five days ago.
It's a wonder
you're here at all.
I've configured an optical
character recognition program
to create hard copies of
the data of the Fulcrum.
That data's over 25 years old.
Much of it must be obsolete.
Most of the key delegations
are run by the same players.
The Director believes there are
too many players on the board.
He thinks a bipolar world
is inherently more stable.
Whatever they're planning
to accomplish.
it won't commence until 2017.
Well.
he's advancing the time-line.
And with Hobbs gone.
I've lost my man on the inside.
We need to find Kenneth Jasper.
He's one of the Director's
closest allies.
He'll know
what they're planning.
I threatened to kill him
when he betrayed Roger Hobbes.
More specifically.
I threatened to cut out his tongue
and deliver it to the Director
personally.
He won't be easy to find.
But he's the best play.
Swanky digs.
Seeing as how
you recently paid a visit
to my apartment in Bethesda.
you know I have a fondness for
the old and somewhat decrepit.
Dembe asked me to go to get
the interface for the Fulcrum.
He needed you
to get the Fulcrum.
He wanted you
to discover secrets.
Did you discover any secrets.
Lizzy?
What's that?
Please. help yourself.
Identification documents
for Lien Mah.
Fake birth certificate.
Fake passport.
Death certificate.
Proof of embalming.
Everything necessary to convince
the U.S. State Department
that Lien Mah was
a Chinese national
who died while visiting
the United States
and to arrange for her body's
return to her homeland.
Who would ship a fictitious
Chinese corpse to China?
A rather clever smuggler.
I imagine.
So. if Lien Mah is fake.
then whose body
are they shipping overseas?
"Marjorie Lin. 24.
was laid to rest Monday afternoon.
Not 10 hours later.
her body was stolen
in a brazen midnight
grave robbery."
You think the smuggler
is using Marjorie Lin's body?
Compare the photo
on Lien Mah's false passport
to the photo of Marjorie Lin
in the paper.
Same woman.
But why this case?
What's your angle?
This smuggler also has
business with the Cabal.
The Cabal?
The Taiwan Festival Bombing
in 2011.
32 dead. 9 injured.
The I.E.D.
that took out the convoy
headed to the Chinese Consulate
in Jakarta last year...
Another 17 dead.
Both were engineered
by the Cabal.
And this same smuggler
was used to transport
those explosives
to their final destinations.
You want to target
one of their assets?
I went to the Director.
showed him the Fulcrum.
restored the détente.
The détente is over. Lizzy.
What you know
about the Fulcrum...
What the Director now knows
you know...
By saving me.
you revealed yourself
to be a potent enemy.
a target they will try
to discredit or destroy.
The smuggler.
We need to find the smuggler.
So.
we obtained a list from State
of all the foreign nationals
who died on U.S. soil
and were repatriated
back to their home countries.
Of these.
seven in particular stood out.
- How so?
- Their passports were forged
using fictitious names
just like the documentation
that Mr. Reddington provided
on Marjorie Lin.
And who were these women.
really?
Marjorie Lin.
a.k.a. Lien Mah.
wasn't the only body
that was stolen.
We were able to match
the seven forged photographs
with seven grave robberies
in which the bodies were
Asian females under 35...
Chinese. to be specific.
And all of them were shipped
back to various cities in China.
Do we know who received
the shipments on the other end?
I contacted
the Chinese authorities.
They're launching
an investigation.
I doubt they'll come up
with much.
I mean.
given the elaborately forged paper trails.
my bet is these funeral parlors
don't even exist.
Based on this guy's
track record.
there's a good chance
he was moving explosives
in those caskets.
And we'll find out.
As soon as our suspect
files the paperwork
authorizing the transportation
of Lien Mah back to China.
we'll know the flight number.
and we can go seize the casket
and see for ourselves.
That's enough for today.
Just one more lap. Raymond.
This is an important part
of your therapy.
You should have let me die.
Dembe.
Nobody told me about
this aimless walking.
- Jasper's gone.
- How gone?
Canceled all meetings and fled
in his gulf-stream four days ago.
Bogus flight plan.
No record of any visas issued.
Not as much
as a passport swiped.
Dembe. call Alex and Barton.
Book them a flight to Key West.
Jasper's yacht is docked at
the Admiral's Club Marina...
A Benetti Romanza.
Arrivederci Bella.
Barton can pass for Jasper
from a distance.
Go aboard.
take her out a mile or two.
blow her up.
Dembe will make it appear
to be a death by misadventure.
Tip off Frasier at The Journal
and Brenda Short
at Holford Capital.
Stock in Jasper's conglomerate.
Century View Media.
will start hemorrhaging
as soon as news
of his tragic disappearance
goes viral.
Within hours.
he'll have to hold a press conference
to stem the bleeding.
And then we'll have
his location.
or at least a starting point.
And if he decides
to ride it out?
He has two
viciously rapacious ex-wives.
a Brazilian bull shark
of a mistress.
and a thoroughbred ranch
south of Ocala
that's a bottomless money pit.
He'll turn up.
If you're gonna keep stopping by
like this.
perhaps we should consider
getting you an office.
I'm getting sworn in tomorrow.
Harold.
- I'm aware. Big day.
- You're damn right.
And I've been getting calls from
The Times. from The Post.
There were witnesses.
People think it was
Reddington who was shot.
People know it was him.
We can deal with rumors.
What's harder to deal with is proof.
and there isn't any.
The press believes a fugitive
from the FBI's most wanted list
was here in D.C.
And it looks like
I don't know anything about it.
It gives the impression
I'm more focused on
transitioning into the job
than doing the job.
I want this handled.
How do you suggest I do that?
There's a reporter at The Post.
His name is Josh Mandell.
I want you to leak him something...
Anything...
A redacted operational report
to Reven Wright...
Just enough to convey
that my office and the FBI
are all over
the Reddington case.
You're asking me to fabricate
and then leak
a classified document.
Yes.
It's public relations. Harold.
Lien Mah's body
was just delivered to Dulles.
The casket's scheduled
to be on Flight 241 to Beijing.
Contact airport authority.
Stop that flight.
Make sure the casket doesn't
make it to the cargo hold.
Get an E.O.D. team
to meet us on site.
I just heard from Reddington.
Uh. he wants to meet.
About what?
He won't say.
He's still worried about leaks.
I'll have to catch up
with you later.
Our preliminary x-rays
didn't reveal
any explosive material
or objects with a density
common to C-4
or other incendiary plastics.
We won't know what we got
for sure till we get inside.
To be safe.
we're gonna let the robot crack it.
That's definitely Marjorie Lin.
- Interior looks clear.
- That's not possible.
Our intel says
that something's being smuggled
out of the country
in that casket.
What if what we're looking for
isn't in the casket?
What if he's brazen enough
to hide the contraband
in the body itself?
We're not gonna open that body.
No one here wants
to put this woman through
anything more
than she's already endured.
but I'm afraid
we're going to have to insist.
You know. when I was a. uh...
When I was a kid.
I wanted to race motorcycles.
and my mom said.
"no. Jeffrey. Go into medicine.
It's safe."
Thanks a lot. Mom.
All right. Here we go.
Helmet on.
Okay. yeah.
Whew!
Okay.
Okay. Definitely should not
have had tuna for lunch.
Wish me luck.
Okay.
Here we go.
Nice and easy.
Nice... and easy.
All right.
Okay. I'm gonna open her up
by cutting along the path of
the previous incision.
Here we go.
I'm in.
All of the internal organs appear normal.
post-embalming.
Nothing here appears to be
out of the ordinary.
She's clean.
In fact. she's immaculate.
This is one of the most
impeccably preserved bodies
I have ever seen.
We're clear.
Did the same thing last month.
It's probably why
you don't recognize me.
Konstantin.
Berlin. man. he's tough.
I had to get away for a while.
go to Germany.
figure a few things out.
I come here
for the peace and quiet.
Sure. Sorry.
Gosh. you know.
I just thought maybe you could help me.
He said to piss off. pal.
Just take a minute.
I don't know who that is.
I think you do.
Why don't you take
another look?
We got a problem.
Let him go!
Ugh!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
I believe he was asking
for a name.
I can't.
I swore on my life I wouldn't.
You swore to whom?
Son of a bitch.
Who's Bill Kershaw?
Where is it?
I know it's here.
That's how you knew I was here.
how you knew I saw the picture.
It's why you threatened people.
The important thing is for
our stockholders to understand
that I am alive and well.
And we understand
that you've lined up
a series of interviews
so that you can reassure...
Call Hollenbeck in Boston.
I want a surveillance team
outside that station
when Jasper leaves.
I suppose we should find out
from Dr. Rentovitch
if I'm cleared to fly.
Where are you? Where are you?
Where are you?
Raymond.
...want to be assured
that this company is stable.
Hello. Mr. Kershaw.
I saw your name on the mailbox
I know you're listening.
You know how I know?
Because this is where you keep
all of your secrets.
And you don't want anyone
finding those out. do you?
Well.
unless you answer my questions.
I'm gonna find every last one.
Let me have your phone.
You've made your point.
agent Keen.
It's time we discuss
the photograph.
The girl is you.
And the woman is your mother.
What was her name?
I knew her as Katarina Rostova.
One of her many names.
She was a K.G.B. agent.
The girl...
The night of the fire.
they called her...
Masha.
You were born in moscow.
Your parents...
Uh. father and...
They were both in
foreign intelligence.
You said she died
of weakness and shame.
Yeah.
You were there that night.
I need to know what happened.
You want to know.
There's a difference.
Dr. Orchard told me someone
blocked my memory of that night.
Was it you?
Yes.
Why?
I'm not going to tell you.
You have a picture of my mother
in your weird. little apartment.
Why?
Were you in love with her?
Is that why my father died?
You killed him because you were
in love with my mother?
Tell me what happened.
Please.
I'm not gonna tell you what happened.
Lizzy.
Then I'll find out for myself.
What's on your mind?
Tom Connolly
wants me to leak intel
to the press.
What kind of intel?
Classified.
I should have said no.
but I get
the distinct impression
that my position
in this clinical trial
is contingent
on doing him favors.
So. do them.
I mean. don't people
leak information all the time?
You hear what I said?
He's leveraging my health.
my life.
Harold. you're a decent man.
The man I fell in love with.
and now you're asked
to do something indecent.
But if you are telling me
that your life depends on
whether Tom Connolly
gets what he wants.
you know my opinion.
I do.
And you know mine.
Reddington said that
the smugglers facilitated
several terrorist incidents
in the past.
He had to have been transporting
something in that casket.
Well.
it wasn't drugs or explosives.
Maybe it was the stolen bodies
themselves.
Guys. come here.
Check this out.
The photo on the left
was taken by the coroner
who pronounced Marjorie Lin dead
five days ago.
The one on the right was taken
at the airport yesterday.
Notice anything?
- Their teeth are different.
- Bingo.
When she died.
Marjorie Lin didn't have veneers.
Her teeth were fixed
postmortem?
That is not easy to pull off.
given the time frame.
Process normally takes weeks.
Ms. Lin's body was only taken
two days ago.
According to Danover Labs.
the order was delivered
to a Dr. Henry McGlasson.
Now.
I dug a little deeper into this guy
and contacted
the Medical Board.
They did have an address...
3230 Kettering Drive.
How'd it go with Reddington?
Did he have any insights?
No. But I did.
My face is out there.
I've done five interviews
in the last four hours.
The reporting
has been corrected.
It'll just take time
for the share price to recover.
The front desk called.
The radio people are here.
Put Theelan on it.
Tell him to flog his boy
from the S.E.C. and get it done!
We'll be wheels up again
in two hours.
I'll do the video up-link
in the air.
Hello. Kenneth!
Regrettably.
your interview has been canceled.
but don't fret.
I'm quite certain my questions
will be much more provocative.
F.B.I.
Hands where I can see them.
You're standing
in front of a ghost bride.
Come again. A what?
It's an outlawed folk custom.
A Chinese form
of ancestor worship.
When a family member dies.
the surviving relatives
are obligated to tend to that
person's needs in the afterlife.
And if they die unmarried.
they'll find themselves
alone on the other side.
And unhappy spirits
tend to come back
and haunt
their living relatives.
- Well. what are the paper dolls for?
- The ceremony.
The family crafts a doll
for the deceased groom. as well.
After which.
the female's remains
are buried alongside
the deceased male.
Believe it or not.
even with all the women in China.
young. attractive.
unmarried female corpses are rare.
which would explain
why our suspect
was exporting bodies
from the U.S.
I'm sorry. but this guy
digs up bodies in America.
and then he sends them back
to China to be re-buried?
Mail-order
corpse brides.
Selected based on age. lineage.
education. attractiveness.
And that explains the veneers.
This one was clearly crafted
to resemble Marjorie Lin.
Same general features.
but it begs the question...
Who's this one?
They're gonna steal
another body.
Agent Navabi.
I imagine you're knee-deep
in pilfered corpses
at the moment.
but right now I require
a woman with your particular
experience and training.
What?
There must be over $100.000
in this case.
Heads up. Kenneth.
I'm afraid I mean
quite literally.
I'm gonna need you to keep
your head up for this next part.
It's bad news. old boy.
I know.
A few days ago.
I offered to crown you king.
and now here you sit.
Well. the road not taken.
This is agent Navabi.
She was trained by Mossad
in enhanced
interrogation techniques.
I thought you two
should have a little visit.
Why don't we get started?
I analyzed the money
you found in the ceiling tile
and found
a couple of anomalies.
Turns out the cash
is worth a lot more
than the 100 grand
the bills represent.
How is that even possible?
All the serial numbers
start with a888.
and none of them include
the number 4.
In. uh. Cantonese and
most regional Chinese dialects.
the word for "four" sounds like
the Chinese word for "death."
So. fours are unlucky.
What does that have to do
with the bills?
It is statistically impossible
to have this many bills
and not have any fours.
unless. of course.
the bills were printed
specifically without any fours.
So you're saying
that they're counterfeit.
I'm saying
they're prosperity notes.
worth about 5 bucks
to every dollar.
And there's only one place
you can buy an entire batch
of currency with
this sort of customized detail.
Whoever paid the suspect
bought the prosperity notes
from the U.S. Treasury.
If we can trace
who bought the bills.
we might be able to I.D.
the next client.
I already contacted
the Treasury.
The buyer was
one Mr. Chao Xiang Han.
Uh. Kenda.
Uh. I looked into this guy. and...
Thanks so much...
And we found this article
published last February.
"Mr. and Mrs. Chao Xiang Han
mourn the loss of only son Jin.
the heir apparent
to the Han tech empire.
worth billions."
Says he committed suicide
after he was left at the altar
by his fiancée. An Bai.
after which she emigrated
to D.C. to live with her father.
He works at the Embassy.
She's currently attending
Georgetown.
An Bai is the next victim.
Uh. wait. but isn't
she supposed to already be dead?
Isn't that how this works?
Uh. the parents must blame her
for Jin's suicide.
They're determined to make
An Bai his bride.
if not in life. then in death.
You two head to An Bai's.
Get me the security office
at Georgetown.
Oh. my goodness.
Remember that fantastic film
from the '70s... Marathon Man?
Oh. my God. what a film.
Laurence Olivier as the
ex-Nazi super-bad guy/dentist.
And Dustin Hoffman as...
Uh. I think he was a graduate student.
wasn't he?
Anyway.
that interrogation scene...
Oh. my gosh.
Olivier drilling into Hoffman's
teeth right down into the nerve.
Oh. God. I can just feel it!
The screaming and writhing.
the sound of the drill.
And of course.
Hoffman delirious with pain.
saying anything. true or not.
just to stop
the excruciating nightmare.
"Is it safe?"
"Yes. it's safe."
"No. no. it's not safe!"
You know. he'd say anything.
And then that. uh. uh. guy comes in...
What's his name?
The...
With the great teeth and that hair... Uh...
Anyway.
nothing much comes of it.
Hoffman doesn't know anything.
but what a scene.
Unfortunately.
nothing quite so dramatic today.
We're gonna be
a little more businesslike.
That novocaine agent Navabi
just gave you
should be starting
to kick in right about now.
So. here's our plan.
You're gonna tell us what sort
of mass-casualty event or events
the Director is planning.
Either you answer
our questions.
or we're gonna yank out
all your teeth today.
I told you.
I don't know.
The Director never spoke
of his plans with me.
I'm not in the loop
on operational details.
I don't believe that.
I offered you an opportunity
to elevate your position
within the Cabal. Kenneth.
You declined and instead
remained loyal to the Director.
I assumed you had
greater aspirations.
but you don't. do you. Kenneth?
You rejected my offer because.
as it turns out.
you're quite satisfied
with your station.
That's how I know you're one
of the primary decision makers.
Clearly.
you are very much in the loop.
You don't understand my loyalty.
do you?
Because you have nothing
in your life
worth staying loyal to.
William Devane!
It was William Devane
with those marvelous teeth
and that great hair!
Ohh. I love William Devane.
Anyway. that said.
dentistry makes me
a little queasy.
so I'll leave
you and my lovely associate
to the business at hand.
Look at me.
Sir. we don't have much time.
We need to move quickly
before he comes back.
I have orders from the Director
to get you out of here.
Stay behind me and keep quiet.
Stop!
Get in the car. Go.
I've scrambled the local
P.D. to An Bai's house.
They should get there
before you do.
Were you able to reach her?
No answer on her cell.
I'm gonna try her
on her home line now.
For Satan himself is transformed
into an angel of light.
Corinthians.
Where are we going?
I have orders
to take you to the Director.
I was aware
we had someone on the inside.
but I just didn't know who.
Well.
I'm not on the inside anymore.
I just blew my cover
to save you.
It took me nine months
to get Reddington
and that damn task force
to trust me.
Look.
the Director won't take any chances.
If he thinks I've divulged
any information in their plans.
I am done.
I need you to make it clear
that I didn't break.
I wasn't there the entire time.
I don't know what you said
before Reddington brought me in.
Nothing.
That's why Reddington brought you in.
He knows the Director
is advancing the time-line.
He knows that the plan is
to trigger a series of events
that will bring us to
the brink of another world war.
I didn't tell him that.
It was Leonard Caul.
Reddington has the Fulcrum.
which means he has
a blueprint outlining
our entire infrastructure.
If you leaked operational details.
we're done.
I didn't.
I don't even have those details.
I know we're targeting
a defense installation.
but I don't know which one.
I'm serious!
The Director won't finalize
his choice until next week.
Then you have
nothing to worry about.
Why are we...?
Where are you taking me?
This isn't...
In Corinthians.
Satan wasn't transformed into
an angel of light.
He was disguised as one.
Don't look so glum. Kenneth.
You just spent 10 minutes being
ridden hard by agent Navabi.
I'd die for five.
- Hello?
- Ms. Bai?
My name is Aram Mojtabai.
and I'm an agent with the FBI.
We have reason to believe
you're in danger.
What are you talking about?
I'll explain. but first.
I need you to find a secure room
in your house.
Make sure all the doors
and windows are locked.
The police are on their way.
and I'm gonna stay on the line
until they arrive.
Ms. Bai. Hello?
Ms. Bai? Hello?
Hello. are you still there?
Ms. Bai?
53 to dispatch.
We're here at the location.
Doesn't seem to be anyone home.
Hang on.
Hands! Show me hands!
Step out of the car.
You don't have any idea
what you've done. do you?
You're the one charged
with a dozen felonies. Mr. Zhang.
You're the one who almost took
a woman's life today.
And how many lives
did you take?
This tradition
in Chinese culture
that you think
is just some ghost story
with no basis
in the real world.
But this...
This is the real world.
You were in a fire?
My older brother died
when he was only 27.
I'm sorry.
My brother...
He was unmarried.
And in the years to follow.
he haunted my family
from the grave.
My father worked for
the same factory for 32 years.
They closed down four months
after my brother's death.
And the bad luck
that followed was...
Our home was destroyed
by a catastrophic fire.
My mother and father
did not survive.
I sat with my mother in
the hospital the day she passed.
Saw the fear in her eyes.
She said.
"you know why this happened.
It will never stop
until you appease your brother."
So that night.
I stole the body of
a young woman from our village.
buried her alongside
my brother.
A wife for him.
a husband for her in the next life.
And from that day on.
the bad luck was gone.
Just like my brother haunted me.
Jin Han haunts his parents now.
Because of you.
he's not appeased.
And now he will bring bad luck
to those who have denied
his happiness in the next life.
That includes
you and your fellow agents.
We know you don't work
exclusively
as an independent operator.
Your skill
as an international smuggler
has made you quite valuable.
Valuable? To who?
To an organization
some call the Cabal.
I don't know what that is.
You may not know the name.
but you know who hired you
to procure the weapon
used in the Taiwanese
Festival Bombing.
Or the convoy hit in Jakarta.
I'm listening.
There's going to be an attack
on U.S. soil next week.
You were contracted to bring
an item into the country.
something we believe will be
instrumental in that attack.
We need to know what it is
and when it's coming.
You're wrong.
We're not wrong.
We know you were contracted.
Not about that.
I was called
to arrange a delivery.
But not for an item.
It was an agent...
The one they call Karakurt.
Karakurt? Who is that?
And he's not arriving
next week.
He's already here.
You see. agent Keen.
your bad luck
is already beginning.
I need a minute.
I'm out.
I'm not leaking classified data.
not for you. not for anybody.
You're out? Out of what?
Whatever the hell kind of game
it is you and I are playing.
You know I'm ill.
I came to you for help.
as a friend.
And I thought that you offered
that help as a friend.
- I did.
- Enough games. Tom.
You used it to leverage me.
to hold it over my head as a way
to guarantee my assistance
whenever you decide
you need it.
You think I pulled strings
trying to save your life
for my own personal benefit?
Look me in the eye
and tell me I'm wrong.
Oh. I'll do better than that.
Harold.
I'll look you in the eye and
tell you you're not even close.
The situation is much.
much worse than you think.
You're absolutely right.
I helped you to get close.
to get leverage. but not for me.
Buddy. come on.
We're done with the games.
I'm sure a smart guy like you
can guess
who's calling my plays.
The Cabal.
A quaint term
that no one actually involved
would ever use.
Why me?
If you...
Guys are as powerful
as I'm told.
what the hell
do you need me for?
All in good time. Harold.
What matters now is that
you realize one key thing...
That you understand it
and internalize it
with every fiber of your being.
- And that is?
- We own you.
You perjured yourself
to protect agent Keen.
You broke federal law
by disclosing the time-line
of a pending indictment.
If that weren't enough.
a classified document was leaked
today to The Post.
I told you I won't do it.
You're not understanding me.
Harold.
It's already done.
It seems your wife doesn't share
your ethical principles.
You wouldn't do it.
so Charlene made
the hard decision for you.
That's how much she loves you.
God knows my wife
wouldn't commit any felonies
for my behalf.
I'm sure you're thinking up
all of the moves you have left.
Careful.
The people I speak for
won't hesitate to hurt you
or her if they need to.
So. what now?
Like I said.
all will soon be revealed.
Come on.
I think they're. uh.
almost ready to start.
A package arrived for you.
It was flagged by security.
I think you need to see it
for yourself.
I had a little chat
with Jasper today.
Turns out he wasn't very good
at holding his tongue.
so I thought I'd give you
a shot at it.
"I. Thomas P. Connolly.
solemnly swear"...
I. Thomas P. Connolly.
do solemnly swear...
"That I will support
and defend the constitution
of the United States of America."
...of the United States
of America.
You've reached Elizabeth Keen.
Please leave your message
at the tone.
Come in.
You want to talk about it?